Hello, this is my Phase 3 Project. 


ABOUT

I used Python along with SQLAlchemy and SQLite to build the project.

This is a "Choose-Your-Own-Adventure" style text game with a scoring system.

The user can create a player by providing a username, password, and unique email address.

Once they have created a player, they can log in and either update their email, delete a player, or proceed with the story.

The user starts the story with a base score of 100, and based on their decisions that score is either incremented or decremented. 
If the user reaches the final ending with a score greater than 100 it triggers a special ending message and displays a "skull" ASCII graphic.
Please note, the "skull" resembles a target rather than a skull, I asked ChatGPT to make a skull ASCII graphic for me and I was amused by 
how terrible the result was, so I kept it. The better ASCII graphics I used for a clown face and for Batman were from 
ASCII.co.uk. 

There are several alternate ending throughout the game. A user can choose to opt out several times by either declining 
to attend the Halloween party or leaving the party when things get weird. If the user decides to stick around they will get
a chance to decide which of various suspects they believe to be guilty of the murder. For now the text related to interviewing 
the suspects is minimal and each decision results in the same ending, this is something I would develop out more if I wanted to
share this project outside of school.

The final details I worked out on this project were to add the ASCII images and debug- there was a loop at the end of the game that would return you to the costume selection scene. 

HOW TO RUN

From the command line/terminal you can open up the parent directory of this file, 
*Run pipenv install && pipenv shell
*Run python GAMEPROJECT.py

You will see an option to log in, create a player, or delete a player.

You'll need to create a character, it will prompt you to provide a username, password, and email address.

Once you've done that, you will be able to log in with your new credentials.

Go through the story, depending on the choices you make the story may end quickly. 

If you complete the main story line and accrue more that 100 points it will give you a message and display a skull 
that looks nothing like a skull- good job!

Please let me know if you have any questions!








